Now, let's try building your project.
If you're using the workspace to build your project,
you can go to the desktop by clicking here,
and you can open Visual Studio Code.
We can close these windows and then open a new terminal in Visual Studio Code,
and we will cd into the project and
make a directory called build.
Then we'll cd into builds,
and then cmake dot dot.
Dot dot, since we're in build the CMakeLists.txt is one directory above.
So dot dot points cmake to the CMakeLists.txt that's one directory above. So we enter.
This completes. Once you make completes,
you can type make,
and this will start building the project.
If this is the first time you've built the project,
it may take some time.
That's it. Our project has successfully built.